# 2022-08-09 on Tooling

## Participants
* @reasn
* @bitbecker
* @holkeb

## Proposals for Tooling and Collaboration
* We put issues and related discussions on GitHub
  * Holke creates GitHub repositories
    * hypercerts-docs
    * hypercerts-contracts
    * hypercerts-pilot

* All documentation that’s not directly related to GitHub issues lives in its own repository on GitHub
* @bitbecker sets up docs
* We keep meeting protocols in hypercerts-docs
* Development iterations ~ 2-3 weeks
* We start right now with the first iteration:
  * We develop a walking skeleton (technical through-cut) contracts and a bare-bones (form+button) front end
  * We’re aware that there are a lot of known and unknown unknowns
* We use the Telegram channel "RG on ImpactDAOs" (can't link, please add if you do) for comms between ProtocolLabs and the Guild
