## 2022-08-15 Weekly check-in

## Attendees:
- Ale
- Matthew
- Holke
- Jip
- Joe Bell
- Owocki

## Agenda:
### Where is dev at?  Are there any blockers?
    - Contracts nearing steel thread completion
    - Setting up Vercel (to-do @Holke)
    - Ask @Davidad, @Holke to [review code](https://github.com/protocol/hypercerts-protocol/pull/15) making sure that it really does what it is supposed to do (@bitbeckers to send msg to telegram group)
    - skeleton frontend done next week - ish 
    - How handle the licenses @mattf
### First cases update
    - Ale brainstormed with a group, notes in [this doc](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1arDz6Gk9H-ZQNx2xPw5TtZf5_PVi85LbqVHiLqXb3JU/edit#heading=h.8fej4sz7xcue)
    - [Funding deck](https://docsend.com/view/a2b4tv2iusjivr2s√è)
    - Way forward: Workstream with DeSciLabs and PL Network Funding on research as a first MVP
### Admin stuff


Actions:
- [ ] Review PR
- [ ] Set-up meeting on research funding with DeSci labs
- [ ] Proposal of lists of rights