# 2022_08_30_Weekly_Checkin

## Participants
- holke
- ale
- @reasn
- bitbeckers
- jips
- joe
- matt

## Agenda and updates

1. NPM is check? But, especially nice for the hackathon, not crucial to our process
2. September 2nd v0 delivery; feature check-off. Status can be reviewed => https://github.com/orgs/protocol/projects/29/views/6
3. Testnet deployment Goerli: contracts and Graph are deployed, we'll link up a FE deplhoyment tomorrow and expect to give you something to play with during/after our meeting => https://testnets.opensea.io/collection/hypercerts-v0-goerli
4. SVG generation => would look dope on the marketplace(s)
5. Metadata => We can optimise for OpenSea and get cool trait fields. The underlying question is "who are we optimising for". Optimising for OpenSea might be going down a funnel making the JSON too specific
6. Hosting; now hosted under Jips account.
7. Looking ahead: v1; royalties, mutation, Ceramic, possible split utility (e.g. leveraging uint256 as 2x uint128, 1x root, 1x leaves)
8. Milestone 2 discussion (scheduling)

## Additional notes
- On track for delivery on Friday
- Focused on getting it out there, not a lot of validation currently
- Current frontend: https://hypercerts-pilot.vercel.app/claim-hypercert
- Ceramic vs. using IPNS to be discussed
- [Goerli faucet](https://faucet.metamask.io/)

## Action items
- [ ] Review of features @holkeb @reasn 
- [ ] Where to store which datasets @holkeb @reasn 
- [ ] SVG discussion for Friday
- [ ] Schedule 1h on Friday: review of milestone 1 and setting milestone 2